gh-81283: compiler: remove indent from docstring (#106411)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

* Allow the *count* argument of :meth:`str.replace` to be a keyword.
  (Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade in :gh:`106487`.)

* Compiler now strip indents from docstrings.

>   This will reduce size of ``.pyc`` cache files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This will reduce the size of ``.pyc`` (cached bytecode) files.
```

Could probably make `pyc` a link to glossary or import docs too!

  For example, cache file size for ``sqlalchemy.orm.session`` in SQLAlchemy 2.0
  is reduced by about 5%.

>   This change will affects to tools using docstrings like doctest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This change will affect tools using docstrings, like :mod:`doctest`.
```
